JBuddy
======

JBuddy is a nice easy-to-use Java development environment suitable for
beginner Java programmers.


The idea
--------

Java is a programming language with a really rich class library. There
are many packages for the Java platform that may be used to perhaps
all features that a programmer need.

There are many java development environment, open-source and
commercial ones. Many environments are complex and difficult to use so
they can't be used for teching or to simply try a new external
library.

JBuddy solve this problems because: with JBuddy you can use the Java
language in a easy way, without project files, depencies or fancier
things.  JBuddy is easy to learn... somewhat instinctive!

Experienced Java programmers can try an external library without
creating a new project in your favourite ide! And don't
worry... JBuddy has also the english localization!


Didactive experience
--------------------

A variant of JBuddy is being successfully used at the University of
Florence. You can read about our findings in this paper
[here][paper-1] and and this one [here][paper-2].


License
-------

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or any
later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307,
USA.


[paper-1]: http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=957313&dl=acm&coll=&CFID=15151515&CFTOKEN=6184618
[paper-2]: http://portal.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=1019973&coll=&dl=GUIDE&CFID=15151515&CFTOKEN=6184618

